In a love Tarot reading, if you are in a relationship the Queen of Swords reversed can indicate that you are in a relationship with someone who embodies the qualities outlined in the above section or you are displaying some of those characteristics yourself in your love life. The Queen of Swords can simply represent a woman who is in a relationship but is fearful of being single or alternatively, feels her freedom is far too restricted. However, if this card represents your partner is can be a bad omen of a woman who cheats or lies and manipulates. However, the Queen of Swords reversed can also indicate that a bitter or nasty older woman may try to interfere in your relationship and cause trouble. This Minor Arcana card may also be telling you that you (or your partner) are repressing past pain and it is stopping you from fully opening up and being the loving, loyal and kind partner you are capable of being. You need to deal with these issues in order for your relationship to flourish. This also advises you not to be overly critical of your partner. Nobody is perfect including you, so cut them a break! If you are single, the Queen of Swords reversed can indicate that you will meet someone who embodies the qualities outlined in the above section or you are displaying some of those characteristics yourself in your love life. If this represents a potential partner, steer clear as she will bring you trouble and is not, in her current state, someone you should be in a relationship with. This card can simply be an indication that you dislike being single and want to find someone you can depend on. This card can also indicate that you have come through a trauma or a bitter divorce and are feeling pessimistic, negative and possibly vindictive. You need to give yourself time to grieve and release the pain or anger you are carrying. Don’t take the sorrow you feel at the moment out on innocent people. You have a choice in how you deal with what you’ve been through. You can change what’s happened but you can decide if you are going to learn from it and use to it to become a better person or if you are going to let it change you for the worse.