In a love Tarot reading, if you are in a relationship, the Three of Swords reversed can indicate that you are moving into a period of reconciliation or forgiveness in the relationship. You are ready to let go of the pain or heartache your relationship caused you in the past and to forgive and move forward. The lines of communication are once again open and your relationship has a good chance of progressing as you release the pain you have been carrying. It can also in some cases indicate reconciliation after a breakup.  Alternatively, the Three of Swords reversed can indicate that you are holding onto grief, sorrow or pain unwilling to let them go. Your partner may have betrayed or hurt you in the past and you are continuing to focus on this and feel unable to forgive them. If that is the case, you need to ask yourself if there is any point in continuing the relationship. Your relationship will not be able to grow while you are holding onto past indiscretions. This doesn’t mean you pretend that it never happened but you can’t keep using it as an emotional stick to beat your partner with, even if they did cause pain and sorrow in your life. You need to figure out if you can draw a line under the past and move forward together. If you can’t it may be time to let them go so you can both move on to a something healthier. If you are single, the Three of Swords reversed can indicate healing from a breakup, separation or divorce. It can also be an indicate that you are coming out of a period of feeling lonely and isolated and are feeling much more optimistic about your future relationship prospects. Alternatively, the Three of Swords reversed can indicate an extreme level of holding onto sorrow after a bitter breakup, divorce or loss of a loved one. There is no doubt that what you have been through has devastated you. At the same time, holding onto the pain is not going to make you feel better. You may need to consider seeking help from a healer or professional counsellor to help you start the healing process.  